.nh
.TH sptlrx 5
.SH NAME
\fBsptlrx\fP \- Synchronized lyrics in your terminal

.SH LOCATION
The config file will be created at the first launch. It is located in \fB~/.config/sptlrx/config.yaml\fR\&. Run sptlrx -h to see the full path.

.SH SPOTIFY
.SS FORMAT
.EX
# config.yaml
player: spotify
.EE

.SS NOTES
If you want to use Spotify as your player, you will need to log in first.
.IP "  1." 5
Go to developer.spotify.com
\[la]https://developer.spotify.com/dashboard\[ra], create a new app, and set the redirect URI to \fBhttp://127.0.0.1:8888/callback\fR\&. Grab your Client ID and Client Secret.
.IP "  2." 5
Run \fBsptlrx login\fR\&. You can pass Client ID and Client Secret in one of three ways:
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
As environmental variables: \fBSPOTIFY_CLIENT_ID\fR and \fBSPOTIFY_CLIENT_SECRET\fR
.IP \(bu 2
As CLI parameters: \fB--client-id\fR and \fB--client-secret\fR
.IP \(bu 2
Interactively: run \fBsptlrx login\fR without providing credentials and you will be prompted to enter them
.RE
.IP "  3." 5
Spotify login page will open. Log in and wait for the success message.

.PP
You only need to do this once. Your credentials will then be saved to \fB$XDG_STATE_HOME/sptlrx/spotify-auth.json\fR\&.

.SH MPD
.SS FORMAT
.EX
# config.yaml
player: mpd
mpd:
  address: 127.0.0.1:6600
  password: ""
.EE

.SH MOPIDY
.SS FORMAT
.EX
# config.yaml
player: mopidy
mopidy:
  address: 127.0.0.1:6680
.EE

.SH MPRIS
.SS FORMAT
.EX
# config.yaml
player: mpris
mpris:
  players: []
.EE

.SS NOTES
System player that supports MPRIS protocol will be used. You can also specify a whitelist of players to use, example: \fBplayers: [rhythmbox, spotifyd, ncspot]\fR\&. Run \fBplayerctl -l\fR to get the names.

.SH BROWSER
.SS FORMAT
.EX
# config.yaml
player: browser
browser:
  port: 8974
.EE

.SS NOTES
You need to install a browser extension
\[la]https://wnp.keifufu.dev/extension/getting\-started\[ra]\&. If you don't change the default port, no further configuration is required. Otherwise, create a custom adapter in the extension settings. \fBYou can only run one instance on one port.\fP

.SH LOCAL
.SS FORMAT
.EX
# config.yaml
local:
  folder: ""
.EE

.SS NOTES
If you want to use your local collection of \fB\&.lrc\fR files to display lyrics, specify the folder to scan. The application will use files with the most similar name. All other lyrics sources will be disabled.
