sptlrx(5) -- Synchronized lyrics in your terminal
====

## LOCATION

The config file will be created at the first launch. It is located in `~/.config/sptlrx/config.yaml`. Run sptlrx -h to see the full path.

## SPOTIFY 

### FORMAT
```
# config.yaml
cookie: [<your cookie>]
player: spotify
```

### NOTES

If you want to use Spotify as your player or lyrics source, you need to specify your cookie.

1. Open your browser.
2. Press F12, open the *Network* tab and go to open.spotify.com.
3. Click on the first request to *open.spotify.com*.
4. Scroll down to the *Request Headers*, right click the cookie field and select Copy value.
5. Paste it to your config.

You can also set the `SPOTIFY_COOKIE` environment variable or pass the `--cookie` flag.

**TREAT YOUR COOKIE LIKE A PASSWORD AND NEVER SHARE IT!**

## MPD

### FORMAT

```
# config.yaml
player: mpd
mpd:
  address: 127.0.0.1:6600
  password: ""
```

## MOPIDY

### FORMAT

```
# config.yaml
player: mopidy
mopidy:
  address: 127.0.0.1:6680
```

## MPRIS

### FORMAT

```
# config.yaml
player: mpris
mpris:
  players: []
```

### NOTES

System player that supports MPRIS protocol will be used. You can also specify a whitelist of players to use, example: `players: [rhythmbox, spotifyd, ncspot]`. Run `playerctl -l` to get the names.

## BROWSER

### FORMAT

```
# config.yaml
player: browser
browser:
  port: 8974
```

### NOTES

You need to install a [browser extension](https://wnp.keifufu.dev/extension/getting-started). If you don't change the default port, no further configuration is required. Otherwise, create a custom adapter in the extension settings. **You can only run one instance on one port.**

## LOCAL

### FORMAT

```
# config.yaml
local:
  folder: ""
```

### NOTES

If you want to use your local collection of `.lrc` files to display lyrics, specify the folder to scan. The application will use files with the most similar name. All other lyrics sources will be disabled.
